Update post for privacy week 2023 (#340)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/2023-data-privacy-week.md

Google maintains the codebase, documentation, and [download site](https://download-chromium.appspot.com/),
but as open source projects are wont to do,
Chromium has expanded into hundreds if not thousands of splinter projects and companies.
There's an entire section on the Chromium wikipedia page featuring the largest [browsers based on Chromium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chromium_(web_browser)#Browsers_based_on_Chromium).
Many of which are privacy-focused browsers like [Brave](https://brave.com/),
[Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/) and the [Avast Secure Browser](https://www.avast.com/secure-browser).

The EthicalAds team relies on Firefox and Chromium.
On mobile, DuckDuckGo has a [mobile browser](https://duckduckgo.com/app)
with some intelligent tracker blocking built-in to keep you safe.

## Ad Blockers

About as important as the browser itself, are the additional privacy add-ons
that keep you safe from ads and trackers.
Many people like myself used [AdBlockPlus](https://adblockplus.org/) for years without much thought.
It's a simple, effective service which gives you control over not only which websites are allowed to show ads,

> but it even allows you to greenlist certain YouTube and Twitch channels to run their ads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it even allows you to allow list certain YouTube and Twitch channels to run their ads
```

I think we're using this generally?

so you can support your favorite creators.
The creators of AdBlockPlus have gone on to form the [Acceptable Ads Committee](https://acceptableads.com/about/)
who's [Acceptable Ads Standard](https://acceptableads.com/standard/) we follow

> as EthicalAds believes in their mission of creating a sustainable and fair compromise between user preference and creator monetization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as EthicalAds believes in their mission of creating a sustainable between user preference and creator monetization.
```

Too many `and`'s.

Author: Sustainable compromise?

Reviewer: Ha yea, sorry.
